    It was a cold, dreary day and the country was white with snow, causing the sparsely settled village of Hickorytown to look even more desolate than usual. Old Deacon Joshua Marlowe and his wife were seated in the dingy kitchen of the old farmhouse, and it was plainly to be seen that they were both worried and angry.
    The farmers elbows were on his knees and his head between his hands, and as he sat in silent meditation he spitefully chewed a long wisp of straw. Martha Marlowe dried her eyes with her apron now and then, and finally a decided sniff evinced to her husband that she was cying. Instead of becoming more calm at this sign of his wife’s grief, Deacon Marlowe raised his head and scowled at her angrily.
    When Tom Wilders, a lean, lanky, close farmer from his own town, asked to marry Samantha; he gave her to him without a word, and his eldest daughter, who inherited her mother’s meekness, accepted him for a husband, knowing that she loathed the fellow.
    Only a little while after the marriage, Tom Wilders called on the deacon. His interview with his was strictly private, but in some way it cost the deacon exactly five hundred dollars. The first picture was that of a tall young man, with dark, trusting eyes and a tender smile that was almost irresistible.
    The other was of a blonde, with bright, laughing blue eyes, yet with a frankness and alertness of expression which won one’s confidence immediately.
    The first picture was that of an old friend who was now abroad Mr Archibald Ray, the young man who had aided her in her search for Dollie. The other was that of Reginald Brookes, the medical student the one whom her friend, Miss Allyn, had said was just the kind of a man that she should marry.
    When the girls awoke the next morning they were as happy as larks. There was so much to be talked over in regard to their plans for the future.
    Miss Allyn went downtown to her work, early, as usual, but she astonished the girls by coming in at noon and bringing a tall, dark gentleman with her.